Update README.md (#41)
mattermost/mattermost-plugin-antivirus: README.md

   docker run -e CLAMD_CONF_MaxFileSize=50M -d -p 3310:3310 mkodockx/docker-clamav
   ```

> 4. Once clamd server is running, configure the plugin in Mattermost to make requests to your clamd instance by going to **System Console > Plugins > Antivirus**. Configure **Clamav Host and Port** to point at your clamd instance, and configure a **Scan timeour in seconds** to set how long it takes before the virus scan times out.  

Reviewer: Should we make it clear that configuring the timeout is optional?

Author: Great catch!

> 4. Once clamd server is running, configure the plugin in Mattermost to make requests to your clamd instance by going to **System Console > Plugins > Antivirus**. Configure **Clamav Host and Port** to point at your clamd instance, and configure a **Scan timeour in seconds** to set how long it takes before the virus scan times out.  

Author: ```suggestion
4. Once clamd server is running, configure the plugin in Mattermost to make requests to your clamd instance by going to **System Console > Plugins > Antivirus**. Configure **Clamav Host and Port** to point at your clamd instance, and optionally configure a **Scan timeout in seconds** to set how long it takes before the virus scan times out.  
```
